---
layout: post
title: "New Manuscript"
description: ""
category: labnotes
tags: manuscript
---


##N ew Manuscript
We have been on a little bit of a roll so far this year and a backlog of manuscripts are starting to come out from the Creel Project.  The most recent manuscript to be published in
Fisheries Research investigated the relationship between user posts about a waterbody on a fishing forum and the pressure (hours angling) at that waterbody.  
There was a pretty tight relationship between the two.   

###A bstract
>Fisheries management has evolved from reservoir to watershed management, creating a need to simultaneously gather information within and across interacting reservoirs. 
>However, costs to gather information on the fishing effort on multiple reservoirs using traditional creel methodology are often prohibitive. Angler posts 
>about reservoirs online provide a unique medium to test hypotheses on the distribution of fishing pressure. We show that the activity on an online fishing 
>social network is related to fishing effort and can be used to facilitate management goals. We searched the Nebraska Fish and Game Association Fishing Forum 
>for all references from April 2009 to December 2010 to 19 reservoirs that comprise the Salt Valley regional fishery in southeastern Nebraska. The number of 
>posts was positively related to monthly fishing effort on a regional scale, with individual reservoirs having the most annual posts also having the most annual 
>fishing effort. Furthermore, this relationship held temporally. Online fishing social networks provide the potential to assess effort on larger spatial scales 
>than currently feasible.

Click the link to view the paper at [Fisheries Research](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0165783614000952)

